# Meeting Protocol

## Attendees
* [CrazyRocketEngineer](https://reddit.com/u/CrazyRocketEngineer)
* [Hydrothermal](https://reddit.com/u/Hydrothermal)

## Topics
* Progress Since the Last Meeting
* Organizational Structure of MAVG
* Style and Layout Decisions for Guides

## Results
The first game named 'Fluffy Flaps' has progressed somewhat. It has a github repository available [here](https://github.com/MakeAVideoGame/FluffyFlaps). A basic foundation has been developed and the game is now at a stage where publicly documented features (aka features with guides) can be added. The next step will be to add collision detection and procedural obstacle generation.

For now the plan is to publish code and guides to github. These guides will talk about a specific problem, for example 'collision detection' and guide the user through implementing a concrete solution. The code will contain this implementation. On the subreddit a post will then be created, that talks a little about the problem and the approach we took in the guide. Both the guide and the post will encourage users to post and discuss their own solutions in the comment section. There will also be both a github wiki and a subreddit wiki. The github wiki will contain technical articles about the technologies and approaches we use and talk about in the guides. The subreddit wiki will only contain organizational articles about how to use MAVG or git etc. The github wiki articles are wikipedia-style articles about technologies. In contrast, the guides are more focused on the actual implementation of the topics discussed in the wiki articles. In summary, wiki articles describe what we use and guides describe what we do.

Guides will be no longer than 2 pages, preferably with descriptive images or graphs.